and what this cocoa bean mold does is
we're gonna try to add different hues
and colors to it and I cut the tops off
so you can actually see what I've done
here I've actually kind of carved the
inside out so what I do is I cut the top
off I pop the whole piece out when you
buy these cocoa butters the cocoa
butters are in temper now a lot of
people take the whole container and put
it in the microwave the problem with it
is some cocoa butter melts some of its
way out of crystallization some station
personalization
what that means is some of these are
going to come out some of these are not
going to come out so I shave off these
these little pieces from the inside in
this way
and that other half that's not melted
actually tempers it so I bought a red
jewel color and also the red pearl color
what I do is is with my my little
syringe here I'm just pulling some cocoa
butter up into it and I just put one
drop in a corner and I blow it and the
idea is for each one some of us look a
little different and I think what I like
about it it's just different it's not
airbrushed everybody is doing airbrush
and I think it's awesome
don't get me wrong but sometimes you can
create something just from being
challenged
Thanks
imagine if you cast this in a milk white
or dark you get three different looks
because it pops the three different
colors now I think what the coolest
thing about this is is after you put
your chocolate in this taken it you've
scraped it okay you bring it over you
have a piece of parchment paper on your
marble you turn it and you set it up
sign up a lot of people tend to disagree
with that because what happens is your
chocolates still warm inside it could
knock out a temper its incubating it's
too hot the marbles only calling the
bottom and the right but with cocoa
butter it's the success in helping
getting the cocoa butter warm enough to
pull away from the wall
you know when I first started doing this
TV the other three chefs were like they
honestly he left the room they're like
you're just out of it and I'm like well
let's let's try it let's see what
happens